This version of the tournament mod is based on the wootness mod that stopped working after 2.2.x
It has been fixed and updated by Anickle and Qwert26.

Changes to the mod for versions 2.2.x :

[v2.2.23]
Major Additions:

Extra info panel - In match Ui panel with extra info about the craft the camera is looking at - toggled by z by default.

[V2.2.21]
Fixes:

Resources being given to team 2 incorrectly has been fixed.
Camera will no longer jump to another craft when in orbit mode when a different craft dies.
Docking ports now function and will correctly tractor subvehicles.
Inbattle UI now correctly displays name and health of subvehicles.


Major Additions:

Map grid selection - you can now select a battle location on the current world map by grid using sliders in the UI. 
Rebindable keys - the mod has the option to use either the games rebindable keys or mod default keys. Checkbox in UI for selecting between these option.
Saving settings - you can now save your tournament config using a button in the UI, saved settings will automatically load with the mod on game launch. defaults can be restored via another button.


Minor additions and Adjustments:

Spawn height can now be offset by up to 400 metres higher or 100 lower via a UI slider.
Orbit camera now orbits the centre of mass of each vehicle instead of either the first block or origin block.
Multiple craft being spawned with a horizontal gap will spread evenly either side of the enemies centre instead of all to the left.
You can now space vehicles with a front to back gap using a UI slider. Use to create convoy lines or in combination with horizontal gap for staggered diagonal lines.
Out of bounds due to distance now has a buffer time before DQ time begins to be added - this allows ships to briefly move backwards due to recoil with being punished. Default 3 second buffer.
Out of bounds due to distance has an option to set a speed limit, this is off by default. Check setting readme for more details.


Known Issues: 

Changing location takes a few seconds to load, launching a battle too quickly can result in terrain loading after battle has begun or the battle jumping back to the default location. Allow a few seconds for the map to load before starting a battle.